JIS stands for Jodh Ishwar Singh.

Jis College of Engineering (JISCE) is a college located in West Bengal Nadia, it is the best college in the eastern region JISCE has a placement rate of 72%. The principal of JISCE is Dr. Partha Sarkar. In JISCE there are many Under Graduation (UG) courses like Computer Science Engineering (CSE), Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE), Mechanical Engineering (ME), Electrical Engineering (EE), Civil Engineering (CE), Information Technology (IT), Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning (AIML). The HOD of CSE in JISCE is Dr. Bikramjit Sarkar (BJS).R&D of JISCE is Dr. Biswarup Neogi. The Fee structure of JISCE is also good in this institution. For BTech in all courses around 6 lakhs. In the year 2023 And for also in this institution there are many PG courses like MBA and MTech Diploma courses and management courses are also in this institution. Tuition fee also increases per year by around 50k in JISCE. Hostel charges are also good and affordable. The total tuition fee excluding hostel charges is 6 lakhs in JISCE. Also, there are many scholarships in JISCE like BSCC( Bihar student credit card) west Bengal student credit card and TFW facility are also there For BSCC government gives a maximum of 4 lakhs for students and the remaining fee will be submitted by yourself. JISCE has a huge campus area that consists of more than 3 acres of land with many 3-floor buildings. The alumni of JISCE have always remarked on the goodness of college campus life in this college. JISCE has a canteen and a cafeteria with low cost and good quality food. The faculties of JISCE hold prestigious degrees from reputed top institutions in India. JISCE has a good big playground which can conduct both cricket and football smoothly. Almost all the Branches of JISCE hold good placement rates which are due to vigorous training provided by the TNP cell. The fee structure of JISCE is also moderate which can be affordable by mediocre families and for more info please contact our technical team. JISCE is 60km away from the airport of Kolkata. JISCE is affiliated with the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology. 

Narula Institute of Technology is a private engineering college in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. It is affiliated with the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology and the All India Council for Technical Education. The college was founded in 2001 and has 3,181 students enrolled as of 2024. Narula Institute of Technology is known for its adherence to global quality standards and has received several accolades and rankings from industry leaders, including NIRF, CAREERS360, India Today, The Week, and Times of India. NIT - Narula Institute of Technology is one of the prestigious institutes; located in Kolkata, West Bengal. Established in 2001, the institute offers Degree and Diploma courses with UG, PG, and After 10th programs. Quality education is provided through these programs in Full-Time mode and all the programs are approved by renowned national bodies such as AICTE. Students can pursue various courses such as UG Diploma, BBA, BCA, After 10th Diploma, MCA, B.E. / B.Tech, M.E./M.Tech in different streams including Engineering, Business & Management Studies, IT & Software. NIT - Narula Institute of Technology offers its students expertise gained through its trained and experienced faculty in the fields of Electronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Science Engineering, Electronics & Communication Engineering, Power Engineering, Structural Engineering, Instrumentation Technology, Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning. Most importantly, these courses with 1860 seats are provided at affordable fees ranging between INR 54,000-408,300, to allow students the opportunity to gain knowledge and skills in their chosen area of interest. NIT - Narula Institute of Technology provides good infrastructure facilities, such as A/C ClassroomsAuditorium, Boys Hostel, Cafeteria, Girls Hostel, Gym, Hospital / Medical Facilities, Hostel, Labs, Library, Shuttle Service, Sports Complex, Wi-Fi Campus, etc.


Guru Nanak Institute of Technology (GNIT) is a private engineering college in Kolkata, West Bengal that offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in engineering. The college was established in 2003 by the JIS Group and is located in North Kolkata near Sodepur. GNIT offers courses that are oriented towards the latest technology and industry trends. The college's flagship courses include B. Tech, BCA, BBA, M.E./M. Tech, After 1st Diploma, and MCA. Guru Nanak Institute of Technology - GNIT is one of the well-known institutes which was established in the year 2003 and is located in Kolkata, West Bengal. The institute offers various Degree and Diploma courses including UG, PG, and After 10th programs. Programs are offered in Full-Time mode and are delivered by highly experienced faculty. Students can pursue education in multiple courses like BBA, BCA, After 10th Diploma, MCA, B.E. / B.Tech, M.E./M.Tech in the stream of Business & Management Studies, IT & Software, Engineering. It provides students with the opportunity to learn from skilled and experienced faculty members who specialize in the fields of health and hospital, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Instrumentation Technology, Computer Science Engineering, Electronics & Communication Engineering, Food Technology, and Information Technology. The institute's courses are approved by the AICTE, etc, and are accessible to candidates seeking quality education at an affordable fee. With 846 seats, students have the opportunity to acquire knowledge and skills in their desired fields. The fee for the courses offered by the institute ranges between INR 54,000-470,103. Guru Nanak Institute of Technology - GNIT also offers excellent infrastructure facilities, such as Auditorium, Boys Hostel, Cafeteria, Convenience Store, Girls Hostel, Gym, Hospital / Medical Facilities, Hostel, Labs, Library, Shuttle Service, Sports Complex, Wi-Fi Campus, etc.